chore(examples): implement fast-api example for calling-apis langchain (#27)
auth0-lab/auth0-ai-python: README.md

## Examples

- [Authorization for RAG](/examples/authorization-for-rag/README.md): Examples about how to implement secure document retrieval with strict access control using Okta FGA.
- [Authorization for Tools](/examples/authorization-for-tools/README.md): Examples about how to implement secure tool calling with strict access control using Okta FGA.

> - [Calling APIs](/examples/calling-apis/README.md): Examples about how to use secure standards to call APIs from tools with Auth0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Calling APIs](/examples/calling-apis/README.md): Examples of how to use secure standards to call third-party APIs from tools with Auth0.
```

BTW, `Examples about how…` is not correct, we should review the entire readme.
